---
blogname: Robbie Bushe artist blog
blogdescription: drawings, paintings, studios, exhibtions, comment, news as they happen to Robbie Bushe
title: Cyprus!
entryID: 009484
date: 2005-07-06
author: robbie
longdate: July  6, 2005  5:22 PM
author_staff_member: robbie
show_comments: true
---

<p>I have now been in Cyprus for five days. I am a member of Staff at the Limassol Studios in Limassol, which is part of the <a href="http://www.geocities.com/artcyprus/">Cyprus College of Art</a>. It is not exactly a real teaching job as I am just there to provide support to a group of student, while we all make art and have a holiday. I was at the Lemba site back in 2002 as a punter, and it provided a wonderful spur to my art when I was bogged down working in Chichester (see Cyprus 2002 in Picture Galleries).</p>

<p>Well so far I have got to know the group, drank a lot of Keo beer, done a bit of drawing and painting, enjoyed the 30 plus degree temperatures and eaten a lot of pork! It was never going to be the fantastic experience of 2002 as I had built that up in my mind as once of my most recent happy experiences. The group are cool,if now hugely dynamic and it is nice just to amongst a group of working artists. It was nice to see Graham, Lisa and Andreos who run the studios, but I am dying to get up into the hills again and back over the Pafos at some point. I will try and see if I can connect my camera in the internet cafe so I can put up some pictures of what the place is like and some of my new pictures. It is very nice to be making some new pictures after 6 months of constipation in Oxford. Why is it so easy to work here and in Hastings?? Is it the sea?, the people? the food? Who knows!</p>

